# Entry 6
##### 6/1/2025

# Content:
During my Expo elevator pitch and class presentation of my freedom project I've had a lot of takeaways, And I think that these takeaways are very important. My first takeaway was practicing, because both the Expo elevator pitch and the class presentation requerd a lot of practicing and I've tried a lot of different ways to practice. for example I went to my family and presented front of them and asked for their feedback, I also did the same with my friends to see their feedback. The last thing I tried was recoring my self while presenting and watched my presntation, and I noticed that I say "ummmm" many times so I tried to work on that but when I presented front of the class I still said it becuase I forgot everything I practiced once I got called for presentation but furing the Expo elevator pitch I didn't say it at all. My second takeway was asking for help, this is also a very important takeway because if i didn't ask my friends or family for their feedback after I presented to them I would've not have the ability to know what was wrong with my presentation. The challenges that I had were in the presentation of [my slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1xiSwWBfyl63gXgvFHaFQy74HBGitcikITocqaJOdQag/edit?usp=sharing) becuase I only had my foucuse on the acutal content like my challeges and takeaways and the presentation of my project itself, and so I neglected the intro so much including my hook.
# Engineering Design Process:
Now I am in the last step of my Engineering design process which is to Communicate the results. I've finished my presentation including the improvment that I wanted to add from last time(byond MVP). I showed the audiance(which were my classmates) my project and got their feedback, And I should improve on it next year.
# Skills:

